README.md, before:


# example-android-inferencing

## Edge Impulse Inferencing on Android
This repository contains a minimal example for running an **Edge Impulse** machine learning model on an **Android** device using **Android NDK** and **TensorFlow Lite**.

Fully tested on Vision for: FOMO AD, Object Detection, and on sensor data for KWS, and accelerometer with WearOS



See the [Android Documentation](https://docs.edgeimpulse.com/docs/run-inference/cpp-library/running-your-impulse-android).

## Prerequisites

- https://edgeimpulse.com/signup
  
### Edge Impulse:
- Ensure you have followed the **[on Android guide](https://docs.edgeimpulse.com/docs/run-inference/cpp-library/running-your-impulse-android)** and have a trained model.
- Export your model as a **C++ library** from **Edge Impulse Studio**.

### Workshop
- 1. Join: https://edgeimpulse.com/signup
- 2. Follow one of the tutorial guides for beginners [here](https://docs.edgeimpulse.com/docs/readme/for-beginners#tutorials-and-resources-for-beginners)
- 3. Export the C++ Binary [Visual Anomaly](https://docs.edgeimpulse.com/docs/edge-impulse-studio/learning-blocks/visual-anomaly-detection) or download the prebuilt GMM Cracks Demo on the workshop download the C++ export [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1oXP83vHUDs7iS6uuAlZilmrWyDYsBc9t/view?usp=sharing)
- 4. Follow the rest of this repo
- 5. Now knowledgable Android Developers can make a change to the [Kotlin](https://developer.android.com/get-started/codelabs) appliction logic to build your own app around the runInference function, e.g. count instances of detections, add thresholding to only detect beyond 70% of confidence, change the UI.

### Android Development:
- Install **Android Studio**.
- Install **Android NDK** and **CMake** via the **Android Studio SDK Manager**.
The example is tested to work with Android Studio Ladybug Feature Drop | 2024.2.2, Android API 35, Android SDK Build-Tools 35.0.1, NDK 27.0.12077973, CMake 3.22.1.
---

## Cloning the Base Repository
We created an example repository that contains an **Android Studio project with C++ support**.
Clone or download this repository:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/edgeimpulse/example-android-inferencing.git
cd example-android-inferencing
```

## Run the Windows / Linux / OSX script to fetch resources

```sh
cd example-android-inferencing/example_static_buffer/app/src/main/cpp/tflite
sh download_tflite_libs.bat # download_tflite_libs.sh for OSX and Linux
```

## Import the Project to Android Studio

Choose the project to import

- [WearOS](example_motion_WearOS)
- [Android](example_camera_inference)
- [Static Buffer](example_static_buffer)

1. Open **Android Studio**.
2. Select **Open an existing Android Studio project**.
3. Navigate to the cloned repository and select it.

## Download CPP Project from Edge Impulse
1. Go to **Edge Impulse Studio**.
2. Export your trained model as a **C++ library**.
3. Download the exported model.

## Integrate the Model with the Project
1. Extract the downloaded **C++ library**.
2. Copy the extracted files into the `example-android-inferencing/example_static_buffer/app/src/main/cpp` directory, dont copy the CMake.txt file.

## Paste in the Test Feature Set for the CPP Test
1. Obtain the test feature set from **Edge Impulse Studio** test impulse tab.
2. Paste the test feature set into the raw_features array the native_lib.cpp licated in the cpp directory.

```cpp
std::vector<float> raw_features = {
    // Copy raw features here (e.g. from the 'Model testing' page)
};
```

## Build and Run the Project
1. In **Android Studio**, click on **Build** > **Make Project**.
2. Once the build is successful, run the project on an Android device or emulator.


## Adding New Sensors to the WearOS example
If you want to integrate additional sensors, such as a Gyroscope or Heart Rate Sensor, follow these steps:

1. Enable the Sensor in the Code
In MainActivity.kt, locate the sensor initialization section and uncomment the corresponding lines:

```kotlin
// Uncomment to add Gyroscope support
private var gyroscope: Sensor? = null

// Uncomment to add Heart Rate sensor support
private var heartRateSensor: Sensor? = null
```

2. Initialize the Sensor in onCreate
Inside onCreate(), uncomment and initialize the sensor:

```kotlin
 gyroscope = sensorManager.getDefaultSensor(Sensor.TYPE_GYROSCOPE)
// heartRateSensor = sensorManager.getDefaultSensor(Sensor.TYPE_HEART_RATE)
```
3. Register the Sensor in onResume
To start collecting sensor data when the app is active, uncomment the registration logic:

```kotlin
 gyroscope?.also {
     sensorManager.registerListener(this, it, SensorManager.SENSOR_DELAY_NORMAL)
 }

// heartRateSensor?.also {
//     sensorManager.registerListener(this, it, SensorManager.SENSOR_DELAY_NORMAL)
// }
```
4. Handle Sensor Data in onSensorChanged
Modify the onSensorChanged() function to collect new sensor data:

```kotlin
 Gyroscope data
 Sensor.TYPE_GYROSCOPE -> {
     ringBuffer[ringBufferIndex++] = event.values[0] // X rotation
     ringBuffer[ringBufferIndex++] = event.values[1] // Y rotation
     ringBuffer[ringBufferIndex++] = event.values[2] // Z rotation
 }

// Heart Rate data
// Sensor.TYPE_HEART_RATE -> {
//     ringBuffer[ringBufferIndex++] = event.values[0] // Heart rate BPM
// }
```
5. Unregister the Sensor in onPause
To save battery and improve performance, ensure sensors stop when the app is paused:

```kotlin
sensorManager.unregisterListener(this)
```
6. Run the App and Verify
Build and deploy the app on a WearOS device.
Check logs for new sensor data.
Ensure inference runs correctly with the additional inputs.



### Troubleshooting, and other deployment hardware

Testing on devices without ready access to a camera, like Device Cloud or VR headsets that dont allow you to use the passthrough camera:

```
override fun onResume() {
    super.onResume()

    //Read the asset
    val bmp = assets.open("test.jpg").use { BitmapFactory.decodeStream(it) }

    //Resize to the model’s input — helper does this for you
    val resized = EIImageHelper.resizeBitmap(bmp)

    //Run inference (synchronous, one-shot)
    val result = EIClassifierImage.run(resized)

    //Show scores in the existing TextView
    runOnUiThread { resultText.text = result.format() }
}
```



## Running on 32bit


If you want to run 32bit libs you will also need to change the build type from 64bit to 32bit
`example-android-inferencing-main/example_motion_WearOS/app/build.gradle.kts`


```

ndk {
            abiFilters += "arm64-v8a" //-> armeabi-v7a
        }
```

## Also for 32bit CMakeLists will need some modification for 2.19 version of tflite
```
# For more information about using CMake with Android Studio, read the
# documentation: https://d.android.com/studio/projects/add-native-code.html.
# For more examples on how to use CMake, see https://github.com/android/ndk-samples.

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.22.1)

project("test_cpp")

set(CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE TRUE)
set(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS "${CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS} -v -stdlib=libc++")

include(edge-impulse-sdk/cmake/utils.cmake)

set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD 17)
set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_REQUIRED ON)

set(EI_SDK_FOLDER edge-impulse-sdk)

add_definitions(-DEI_CLASSIFIER_ENABLE_DETECTION_POSTPROCESS_OP=1
    -DEI_CLASSIFIER_USE_FULL_TFLITE=1
    -DNDEBUG
)

# Define the directory where the pre-built libraries are located
set(TFLITE_LIB_DIR ${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/tflite/android32)

# Create IMPORTED targets for each pre-built static library
add_library(tensorflow-lite STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(tensorflow-lite PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libtensorflow-lite.a)

add_library(xnnpack-delegate STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(xnnpack-delegate PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libxnnpack-delegate.a)

add_library(XNNPACK STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(XNNPACK PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libXNNPACK.a)

add_library(pthreadpool STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(pthreadpool PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libpthreadpool.a)

add_library(cpuinfo STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(cpuinfo PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libcpuinfo.a)

add_library(ruy STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(ruy PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libruy.a)

add_library(farmhash STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(farmhash PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libfarmhash.a)

add_library(fft2d_fftsg STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(fft2d_fftsg PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libfft2d_fftsg.a)

add_library(fft2d_fftsg2d STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(fft2d_fftsg2d PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libfft2d_fftsg2d.a)

add_library(flatbuffers STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(flatbuffers PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libflatbuffers.a)

add_library(absl STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(absl PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libabsl.a)

add_library(microkernels-prod STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(microkernels-prod PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libmicrokernels-prod.a)

# Define the main shared library for the app
add_library(${CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME} SHARED
        native-lib.cpp)

target_include_directories(${CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME} PRIVATE .)

# Collect other Edge Impulse SDK source files
file(GLOB EI_SOURCE_FILES
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/CMSIS/DSP/Source/TransformFunctions/*.c"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/CMSIS/DSP/Source/CommonTables/*.c"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/CMSIS/DSP/Source/BasicMathFunctions/*.c"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/CMSIS/DSP/Source/ComplexMathFunctions/*.c"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/CMSIS/DSP/Source/FastMathFunctions/*.c"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/CMSIS/DSP/Source/SupportFunctions/*.c"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/CMSIS/DSP/Source/MatrixFunctions/*.c"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/CMSIS/DSP/Source/StatisticsFunctions/*.c"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/tflite-model/*.cpp"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/dsp/kissfft/*.cpp"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/dsp/dct/*.cpp"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/dsp/memory.cpp"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/porting/posix/*.c*"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/porting/mingw32/*.c*"
)

target_sources(${CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME} PRIVATE ${EI_SOURCE_FILES})

# Link the main library to Android system libraries and the TFLite libraries.
# Use a linker group (--start-group and --end-group) to resolve circular
# dependencies between the static libraries.
target_link_libraries(${CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME}
        android
        log
        m
        atomic
        -Wl,--start-group
        tensorflow-lite
        xnnpack-delegate
        XNNPACK
        pthreadpool
        cpuinfo
        ruy
        farmhash
        fft2d_fftsg
        fft2d_fftsg2d
        flatbuffers
        absl
        microkernels-prod
        -Wl,--end-group
)


```

Commit message:

Add instructions for 32bit libs and CMake modifications
Updated README.md to include instructions for 32bit libraries and modifications needed for CMakeLists with tflite version 2.19.

README.md, after:


# example-android-inferencing

## Edge Impulse Inferencing on Android
This repository contains a minimal example for running an **Edge Impulse** machine learning model on an **Android** device using **Android NDK** and **TensorFlow Lite**.

Fully tested on Vision for: FOMO AD, Object Detection, and on sensor data for KWS, and accelerometer with WearOS



See the [Android Documentation](https://docs.edgeimpulse.com/docs/run-inference/cpp-library/running-your-impulse-android).

## Prerequisites

- https://edgeimpulse.com/signup
  
### Edge Impulse:
- Ensure you have followed the **[on Android guide](https://docs.edgeimpulse.com/docs/run-inference/cpp-library/running-your-impulse-android)** and have a trained model.
- Export your model as a **C++ library** from **Edge Impulse Studio**.

### Workshop
- 1. Join: https://edgeimpulse.com/signup
- 2. Follow one of the tutorial guides for beginners [here](https://docs.edgeimpulse.com/docs/readme/for-beginners#tutorials-and-resources-for-beginners)
- 3. Export the C++ Binary [Visual Anomaly](https://docs.edgeimpulse.com/docs/edge-impulse-studio/learning-blocks/visual-anomaly-detection) or download the prebuilt GMM Cracks Demo on the workshop download the C++ export [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1oXP83vHUDs7iS6uuAlZilmrWyDYsBc9t/view?usp=sharing)
- 4. Follow the rest of this repo
- 5. Now knowledgable Android Developers can make a change to the [Kotlin](https://developer.android.com/get-started/codelabs) appliction logic to build your own app around the runInference function, e.g. count instances of detections, add thresholding to only detect beyond 70% of confidence, change the UI.

### Android Development:
- Install **Android Studio**.
- Install **Android NDK** and **CMake** via the **Android Studio SDK Manager**.
The example is tested to work with Android Studio Ladybug Feature Drop | 2024.2.2, Android API 35, Android SDK Build-Tools 35.0.1, NDK 27.0.12077973, CMake 3.22.1.
---

## Cloning the Base Repository
We created an example repository that contains an **Android Studio project with C++ support**.
Clone or download this repository:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/edgeimpulse/example-android-inferencing.git
cd example-android-inferencing
```

## Run the Windows / Linux / OSX script to fetch resources

```sh
cd example-android-inferencing/example_static_buffer/app/src/main/cpp/tflite
sh download_tflite_libs.bat # download_tflite_libs.sh for OSX and Linux
```

## Import the Project to Android Studio

Choose the project to import

- [WearOS](example_motion_WearOS)
- [Android](example_camera_inference)
- [Static Buffer](example_static_buffer)

1. Open **Android Studio**.
2. Select **Open an existing Android Studio project**.
3. Navigate to the cloned repository and select it.

## Download CPP Project from Edge Impulse
1. Go to **Edge Impulse Studio**.
2. Export your trained model as a **C++ library**.
3. Download the exported model.

## Integrate the Model with the Project
1. Extract the downloaded **C++ library**.
2. Copy the extracted files into the `example-android-inferencing/example_static_buffer/app/src/main/cpp` directory, dont copy the CMake.txt file.

## Paste in the Test Feature Set for the CPP Test
1. Obtain the test feature set from **Edge Impulse Studio** test impulse tab.
2. Paste the test feature set into the raw_features array the native_lib.cpp licated in the cpp directory.

```cpp
std::vector<float> raw_features = {
    // Copy raw features here (e.g. from the 'Model testing' page)
};
```

## Build and Run the Project
1. In **Android Studio**, click on **Build** > **Make Project**.
2. Once the build is successful, run the project on an Android device or emulator.


## Adding New Sensors to the WearOS example
If you want to integrate additional sensors, such as a Gyroscope or Heart Rate Sensor, follow these steps:

1. Enable the Sensor in the Code
In MainActivity.kt, locate the sensor initialization section and uncomment the corresponding lines:

```kotlin
// Uncomment to add Gyroscope support
private var gyroscope: Sensor? = null

// Uncomment to add Heart Rate sensor support
private var heartRateSensor: Sensor? = null
```

2. Initialize the Sensor in onCreate
Inside onCreate(), uncomment and initialize the sensor:

```kotlin
 gyroscope = sensorManager.getDefaultSensor(Sensor.TYPE_GYROSCOPE)
// heartRateSensor = sensorManager.getDefaultSensor(Sensor.TYPE_HEART_RATE)
```
3. Register the Sensor in onResume
To start collecting sensor data when the app is active, uncomment the registration logic:

```kotlin
 gyroscope?.also {
     sensorManager.registerListener(this, it, SensorManager.SENSOR_DELAY_NORMAL)
 }

// heartRateSensor?.also {
//     sensorManager.registerListener(this, it, SensorManager.SENSOR_DELAY_NORMAL)
// }
```
4. Handle Sensor Data in onSensorChanged
Modify the onSensorChanged() function to collect new sensor data:

```kotlin
 Gyroscope data
 Sensor.TYPE_GYROSCOPE -> {
     ringBuffer[ringBufferIndex++] = event.values[0] // X rotation
     ringBuffer[ringBufferIndex++] = event.values[1] // Y rotation
     ringBuffer[ringBufferIndex++] = event.values[2] // Z rotation
 }

// Heart Rate data
// Sensor.TYPE_HEART_RATE -> {
//     ringBuffer[ringBufferIndex++] = event.values[0] // Heart rate BPM
// }
```
5. Unregister the Sensor in onPause
To save battery and improve performance, ensure sensors stop when the app is paused:

```kotlin
sensorManager.unregisterListener(this)
```
6. Run the App and Verify
Build and deploy the app on a WearOS device.
Check logs for new sensor data.
Ensure inference runs correctly with the additional inputs.



### Troubleshooting, and other deployment hardware

Testing on devices without ready access to a camera, like Device Cloud or VR headsets that dont allow you to use the passthrough camera:

```
override fun onResume() {
    super.onResume()

    //Read the asset
    val bmp = assets.open("test.jpg").use { BitmapFactory.decodeStream(it) }

    //Resize to the model’s input — helper does this for you
    val resized = EIImageHelper.resizeBitmap(bmp)

    //Run inference (synchronous, one-shot)
    val result = EIClassifierImage.run(resized)

    //Show scores in the existing TextView
    runOnUiThread { resultText.text = result.format() }
}
```



## Running on 32bit


If you want to run 32bit libs you will also need to change the build type from 64bit to 32bit
`example-android-inferencing-main/example_motion_WearOS/app/build.gradle.kts`

This is the flag to add:

```

ndk {
            abiFilters += "arm64-v8a" //-> armeabi-v7a
        }
```

### Also for 32bit CMakeLists will need some modification for 2.19 version of tflite

Our original CMakeLists.txt used these two commands to link the libraries:
link_directories(${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/tflite/android32)
target_link_libraries(test_cpp ... tensorflow-lite XNNPACK ...)

This needs to change to:

```
# For more information about using CMake with Android Studio, read the
# documentation: https://d.android.com/studio/projects/add-native-code.html.
# For more examples on how to use CMake, see https://github.com/android/ndk-samples.

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.22.1)

project("test_cpp")

set(CMAKE_VERBOSE_MAKEFILE TRUE)
set(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS "${CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS} -v -stdlib=libc++")

include(edge-impulse-sdk/cmake/utils.cmake)

set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD 17)
set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD_REQUIRED ON)

set(EI_SDK_FOLDER edge-impulse-sdk)

add_definitions(-DEI_CLASSIFIER_ENABLE_DETECTION_POSTPROCESS_OP=1
    -DEI_CLASSIFIER_USE_FULL_TFLITE=1
    -DNDEBUG
)

# Define the directory where the pre-built libraries are located
set(TFLITE_LIB_DIR ${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/tflite/android32)

# Create IMPORTED targets for each pre-built static library
add_library(tensorflow-lite STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(tensorflow-lite PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libtensorflow-lite.a)

add_library(xnnpack-delegate STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(xnnpack-delegate PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libxnnpack-delegate.a)

add_library(XNNPACK STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(XNNPACK PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libXNNPACK.a)

add_library(pthreadpool STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(pthreadpool PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libpthreadpool.a)

add_library(cpuinfo STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(cpuinfo PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libcpuinfo.a)

add_library(ruy STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(ruy PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libruy.a)

add_library(farmhash STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(farmhash PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libfarmhash.a)

add_library(fft2d_fftsg STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(fft2d_fftsg PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libfft2d_fftsg.a)

add_library(fft2d_fftsg2d STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(fft2d_fftsg2d PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libfft2d_fftsg2d.a)

add_library(flatbuffers STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(flatbuffers PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libflatbuffers.a)

add_library(absl STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(absl PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libabsl.a)

add_library(microkernels-prod STATIC IMPORTED)
set_target_properties(microkernels-prod PROPERTIES IMPORTED_LOCATION ${TFLITE_LIB_DIR}/libmicrokernels-prod.a)

# Define the main shared library for the app
add_library(${CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME} SHARED
        native-lib.cpp)

target_include_directories(${CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME} PRIVATE .)

# Collect other Edge Impulse SDK source files
file(GLOB EI_SOURCE_FILES
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/CMSIS/DSP/Source/TransformFunctions/*.c"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/CMSIS/DSP/Source/CommonTables/*.c"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/CMSIS/DSP/Source/BasicMathFunctions/*.c"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/CMSIS/DSP/Source/ComplexMathFunctions/*.c"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/CMSIS/DSP/Source/FastMathFunctions/*.c"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/CMSIS/DSP/Source/SupportFunctions/*.c"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/CMSIS/DSP/Source/MatrixFunctions/*.c"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/CMSIS/DSP/Source/StatisticsFunctions/*.c"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/tflite-model/*.cpp"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/dsp/kissfft/*.cpp"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/dsp/dct/*.cpp"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/dsp/memory.cpp"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/porting/posix/*.c*"
        "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/edge-impulse-sdk/porting/mingw32/*.c*"
)

target_sources(${CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME} PRIVATE ${EI_SOURCE_FILES})

# Link the main library to Android system libraries and the TFLite libraries.
# Use a linker group (--start-group and --end-group) to resolve circular
# dependencies between the static libraries.
target_link_libraries(${CMAKE_PROJECT_NAME}
        android
        log
        m
        atomic
        -Wl,--start-group
        tensorflow-lite
        xnnpack-delegate
        XNNPACK
        pthreadpool
        cpuinfo
        ruy
        farmhash
        fft2d_fftsg
        fft2d_fftsg2d
        flatbuffers
        absl
        microkernels-prod
        -Wl,--end-group
)


```
